Mini-Max Sum Program Big O Analysis:
My solution for the Mini-Max Sum Program has complexity O(n). This is because there are for loops that iterate a number of times based on the size of the input, n. As n increases, the number of iterations for each loop increases linearly. The operations within the for loops are constant, since they are simply doing comparisons, assignments, and increments. So, the loops have complexity O(n) and are doing some constant operations each time, making the program's complexity O(n). The loops are not nested, so even though there are two of them, that means we have 2n iterations which in big O is reduced to O(n). The operations outside the loops are all constant, so the complexity of the loops dominate them. So, again, the final analysis of the Big O of the program is O(n).

Mars Exploration Program Big O Analysis:
My solution for the Mars Exploration Program has complexity O(n). This is because there is a for loop that iterates a number of times based on the size of the input, n (the length of the given string). As n increases, the number of iterations for the loop increases linearly. The operations within the for loop are constant, since they are simply doing comparisons, mods, and increments. So, the loop has complexity O(n) and is doing some constant operations each time, making the program's complexity O(n). The operations outside the loop are all constant, so the complexity of the loop dominates them. So, again, the final analysis of the Big O of the program is O(n).
